FISH-306 Payara IntelliJ IDEA Plugin documentation (#72)
payara/Payara-Community-Documentation: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/documentation/ecosystem/intellij-plugin/README.adoc

= Payara IntelliJ IDEA Plugin

> Payara Platform provides the Payara IntelliJ IDEA tools to integrate Payara Server and Payara Micro into IntelliJ.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Payara IntelliJ IDEA tools provide integration of the Payara Platform into IntelliJ IDEA.
```
Feel free to disagree 😄

The extension is available in the https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/15114-payara-tools[JetBrains Plugins Marketplace].

* <<installing-plugin,Installing Payara IntelliJ plugin>>
* <<tools,Payara Platform Tools>>

[[installing-plugin]]
== Installing Payara IntelliJ plugin

> 1. You can install plugin from the main menu File ? Settings ? Plugins dialog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You can install plugin from the main menu *File > Settings > Plugins dialog*
```

2. In the Plugins dialog, switch to the Marketplace tab.

3. In the dialog that opens, search for *Payara Tools*.

4. Click the *Install* button:
image::intellij-plugin/install-marketplace.png[alt=Visual Studio Marketplace, width="60%"]

5. Click *OK* and apply the changes, and restart IntelliJ IDEA if prompted.

[[tools]]
== Payara Platform Tools

* xref:documentation/ecosystem/intellij-plugin/payara-server.adoc[Payara Server] - 
Payara IntelliJ plugin enables developers to easily configure Payara Server and 

> manage applications from the IntelliJ IDEA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
manage applications from IntelliJ IDEA.
```
Flows a little better since Intellij IDEA is a product name.

* xref:documentation/ecosystem/intellij-plugin/payara-micro.adoc[Payara Micro] - 
Payara IntelliJ plugin provides the support to create, run and debug Payara Micro 

> applications from the IntelliJ IDEA which is the microservices-ready version of the Payara Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
applications from IntelliJ IDEA. Payara Micro is the microservices-ready version of the Payara Server.
```
Sounded like you were saying Intellij IDEA is a microservices-ready version of Payara Server
